.UL ON
.PC 35
.OJ ON                           PREACH MANUAL

READING PARAGRAPHS:

1.  You know that there's more to this hideout then this.  If you  ç
just had something with which you could find the hallow wall or  ç
trap door that you know is around here somewhere. 

2.  As you approach what you think is a wall, it disappears, you  ç
hear the door slam shut behind you, your trapped!  You hear a  deep ç
voice boom through the hall, "Welcome... The time has come  and now ç
you must die." 

3.  Entering the secret apartment of Tulvar, you are instantly  ç
surounded by what semms like an army of GAH's.  In the middle of  ç
the room a thrown slowly turns around, and you find yourself face  ç
to face with a tall, skiny man.  Tulvar raises from his seat and  ç
with a sly smile greets you.  "So the saints have come, come too ç
far  for your own good.  You have foiled my ultimate plan and for ç
that  you shall pay, you  shall pay for the foolishness of your ç
hands. 

4.  You enter the small building full of computers.  Recognizing ç
one of the computers as that which controls the nuclear missles,   ç
you use your vast knowledge of computers to disarm them.  Now  ç
Tulvar can no longer use this powerful tool, to threaten the world ç
to do his bidding 

5.  This is were they transport goods into Tulvar's hideout.  You  ç
each grab one of the heavy duty bags lying in the corner and  ç
attach it to the moving cable and then jump in.  What a nifty way  ç
of get into a hidout

6.  As you near Tulvar you notice that he is know holding someone  ç
captive at gunpoint.  "As you see" says Tulvar in a loud voice "  ç
you have made a fatal mistake.  I still have hostages."  With  that ç
Tulvar turns and unleashes his weapon on you.  Not being  able to ç
retaliate you are quickly killed by Tulvar and his  remaining ç
forces. 

7.  Running into the fence, you realize that being zapped by  ç
10,000 volts of electricity does not turn you into automan, but  ç
rather it incenerates you into a bowl full of ashes. 

8.  As you near the cliff you accidentally lose your footing and  ç
fall 300 feet until you are met by a solid object.

9.  As you successfully disarm the last secret missle you hear  ç
footsteps coming up the stairs of Tulvar's secret apartment.   ç
Preparing yourself for another big attack, you are suprised to be  ç
met by a small squad of american marines.  A young man greets you çä
with a salute.  "Sir we came as soon as we got your message.  We  ç
have successfully defeated the remainder of Tulvar's army, and  are ç
here to congradulate you for a job well done.  Thanks to you  ç
america can now live in peace.  As the young captain and his  squad ç
leave, you bow your heads and give thanks to the person who  ç
enabled your mission to be a success, Jesus Christ 

10.  As you enter this small room you are instantly jumped on by  ç
7 men.  Preparing to retaliate, you notice that these aren't men  ç
in Tulvar's army, but the hosages he's using to threaten the  army.  ç
After supplying the seven men and five women with extra  arms, you ç
escort them out of the base.  

11.  Before you radio the marines you must first rescue the  ç
hostages and disarm the missles.

12.  You radio the marines and tell them that you have  ç
successfully rescued the hostages and disarmed the missles.  In  ç
reply they say that they are sending a marine squad out to help  ç
you.  Well now there is only one thing left to do, go find  Tulvar.

13. Tulvar watches as you triumphantly destroy the last of his  ç
small army.  Seeing that you're still alive Tulvar places his  ç
fingers to his lips and lets out a low whistle.  Within seconds  ç
you are again surounded by another group of GAH's.  "You didn't  ç
expect that 3 saints alone could destroy me and my empire did  ç
you."  Tulvars throne then turns around and he escapes through  one ç
of his secret passage ways. 

14.  The strange acid does a quick job of eating away all your  ç
flesh and muscle.  And needless to say you are dead. 

15.  After disarming the last secret missle you make your way out  ç
of Tulvar's secret chambers, and instead of meeting up with more  ç
of Tulvar's superior race you are greeted warmly be a marine  ç
squad, who to your suprise carry with them a familiar face,  ç
Tulvar.  The leader of the group greets you with a salute.   ç
"Earlier today we were infromed by some of our spys that you had  ç
successfully disarmed the nuclear warheads and rescued all 12 of  ç
the political hostages.  We came as soon as possible.  America  ç
thanks you gentlemen.  As for this slime bucket, gesturing  towards ç
Tulvar.  He will do at least 3 life sentences in the old  slamer.  ç
As the general takes his leave, you bow your heads and  give thanks ç
to the person who enabled your mission to be a  success, Jesus ç
Christ. 

16.  Well you've blown you cover and on top of that you haven't  ç
disarmed the missles yet.  So now you must surrender to Tulvar's  ç
forces.  Your mission has failed. 

17.  As you step forward you feel your foot sink into the ground,  ç
and from underneath you hear a click as the pressure plate clicks çä
into place.  Well I guess you've found one of the Ninja's many  ç
traps to keep off prowlers.  I don't think I'd move if I were  you.  ç

18.  Your Mission:  Somewhere in this city Tulvar, an evil  ç
drugleader has a hidden base.  In this base Tulvar is holding  ç
hostage 12 political prisoners.  He is ussing these hostages as a  ç
way of keeping the military from attack his shipments of cocain  ç
which enter the U.S.A. every day.  Tulvar has also kidnapped 5 of  ç
the nations best scientests, and has forced them to help him  build ç
nuclear warheads, which he also now uses to threaten the  military ç
to do his bidding.  Along with building these nuclear  warheads, ç
Tulvar has mapped out the human gene and is now making  an army of ç
Genetically Altered Humans, which he hopes to use to  help him ç
conquer the world.  It is your job to rescue the  hostages and ç
disarm the nuclear warheads, so that the marines may  go in and ç
capture Tulvar.  As christian you feeled called by God  to help ç
destroy this evil man, who is poisoning my young teen- agers, and ç
who is trying to manipulate one of Gods greatest  creations.

19.  As you finish walking through the lassers, you are suprised  ç
to feal quite holie.  Unfourtunately the holiness only last for a  ç
few seconds.

20.  Rataatattat, you hit the deck just in time.  That was a  close ç
one.  As you left your heads to see who your deadly  advasare is, ç
you notice that you are no fighting a person, but  rather what ç
seems to look like a sound detector machinegun, that  is attached ç
to one of the walls.























çä
COMMAND MENU:

V-View Items

     This shows you what items your player has, and allows you to  ç
give, trigger, and drop items.

L-Look at a Player

     This allows you to see the basic characteristics of your  ç
player.  Such as how much money he has, what his armor and weapon  ç
are, or just what kind of person he is.

R-Rest

     Resting enables your characters to lick their wounds.  This  ç
is very important and should be used whenever your seriously  hurt.


S-Save Game

               This allows you to save your current progress in the game.  ç
This should be done regularly, and especially before and after ç
important and difficult encounters.  You only have one savegame, so ç
be careful not to save after lossing something important, or doing ç
something stupid.  Save games can be loaded from inside your base. 

U-Use Item

     This command enables you to use items such as keys to open  ç
doors, or other obejects that might help you get past obsticles.

.PA
P-Preach

     When you preach out of combat, you can only preach for  ç
healing and light.


Canceling
     
               When cancelling press spacebar to cancel when you don't have  ç
a cursur, and enter when you do.  After reading a caption or  ç
paragraph press spacebar to continue.



STOCK MARKET:

During the game you can make money by investing in the Stock  ç
Market. This Stock Market is a little different then most stock  ç
markets, in that you are actually loaning your money to the  ç
company.  If the company does poorly you lose some of your money,  ç
but if it does well you gain money.


Bigbuns:  Bigbuns is a very popular hamburer joint,that is         ç
rapidly spreading throughout the nation.  If you invest your  money ç
in this market it will ussual slowly  rise or fall. 

Ykung: Ykung is an industrious Japenese electronics company.   This ç
is the best place to invest your money if you don't want to  keep ç
track of the market.  This market has a gain loss ratio  1:1.  But ç
when it goes up it usually goes up a little more then  when it goes ç
down.            

Tigroy:  Tigroy is a small oil company.  Investing in Tigroy will  ç
either make you a millionare or a beggar.  I mean when it goes up  ç
it really goes up, but when it goes down you better not have your  ç
money in it.
